Who wants to challenge the authority of our Ye family?
You can try it.
Unexpectedly, even the Ye family took a fancy to the Tai Chi diagram
It seems that we have no fate to be separated from the Tai Chi diagram.
Ye Family's Taiji Diagram
I also want a Tai Chi diagram.
Can you come and have a look?
Ye Feifan
Watching helplessly
I can block that Tai Chi diagram.
i
Is it uncomfortable?
Tai Chi diagram
You take me away
Ye Feifan, you dead star
Dare to snatch things from Ye Shao
I don't know, dead things.
20 billion you take it out?
You don't want to know who you are
It's just that my Ye family abandoned one
And you want to argue with me
Yes
I said your list.
You bring it today
40 billion
Hahaha
Do you think this money came from the strong wind?
Ah I tell you
If you take this out today 40 billion
I kneel down for you on the spot
This is what you said.
Don't regret it later
I don't even know how to write the last two words
of
He can really 40 billion
The money here takes Tai Chi Soil
Useful everywhere
Ye Feifan, why are you still pretending?
Don't think we'll believe you just take out a card
You really take us all for idiots.
otherwise
I let people die boldly
Get yourself out of here
Ye Feifan, just wait to die
Who lives and who dies
Order now
Wei Min is too early to settle down